Some more peephole optimizer rules. (#12754)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Compiler Features:
* JSON-AST: Added selector field for errors and events.

>  * Peephole Optimizer: Optimize comparisons and double jumps in front of conditional jumps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Peephole Optimizer: Optimize comparisons in front of conditional jumps and conditional jumps across a single unconditional jump.
```
?
